Let's get started by putting your elbow on a table.
Or if you dont have a table,
on your thigh, or in your green zone.
Make sure you can see the palm of your hand
and with your other hand, put two or three fingers into your palm.
Trainer, please help and coach here as needed.
Squeeze your fingers and feel the strength of your grip.
Go ahead and squeeze on more time.
Now keep your squeezing arm in the same position,
but let go of your fingers,
and flex your wrist so that those fingers point back at your body.
This is an end-range wrist motion.
Place your fingers back into your palm,
and squeeze.
How stong or comfortable is your grip now?